Here are the changes that i still need to make to the app:
    1. Change loading circle to the red color. 
        this is the first loading circle that happens when you first open the app
    2. invert the colors of the headers and things
        a. what i think would look better is to invert the colors from red to the silverish color
    3. change the color of the flavor notes to the red color instead of the original purple color
    4. figure out why i cant take a picture in the app
        a. so what i figured out is that in Expo Go you cant ask for permission to take a picture so when you try to upload or take a 
            picture it will give you a error because you cant get the thing to come up to ask for permission. 
        b. this should be the same for all of the pictures in the app.
        c. also one thing i am not sure about is if taking a picture will actually work for the backend.  
    5. need to figure out why the header for the visit wine log doesnt wokr the first time you use it   
        a. for some reason the header for the log wine form doenst work the first time you open it. it goes all the way to the top of 
            the screen and you cant close it or read the header. but when you save this wine then go back to edit or log another one, 
            it works then. i have no idea why it does this but at least it kinda works. but it will still need to be fixed. 
    6. here are some things that i need to fix when going from web app to mobel: 
        a. the text input for the wine log form does not currently work on model.
        b. i think i need to make the map of the web app to be for the mobel app. i like how it is set up but i dont want to use mapbox
            i want to use the native map from the phone so i dont have to use the MapBox i think this would be better. 
        c. i also need to add in a pop up that asks are you sure you want to exit from the wine and visit log form? this does not work
            on the web version but it will work on the mobile version. so i need to add this in to change it. 
        d. 
    7. i need to add in a user location on the map so that it will zoom to their locaiton and show wineries aroudn their location
    8. need to add labeling to the points that arent in a cluster. this would label the wineries that show up outside a cluster
    9. need to fix the stars on the review tab of the log visit from. they are stacked vertical for some reason. 
    10. if you have been to a winery, the visits need to be shown when you go to the wineries "home page"
        a. then i would need a way to click on them and see what i had and how the user rating things for that visit.
    11. need to be able to use this offline but still sync up with the backend. 
    12. add in a feature to where a user can add a winery to their itenterary and add favorites. 
        a. there could be a lot of things to do here. like i think i would have to add some tables to the backend for this to work right. 
            and i would also have to do alot of things on the front end for this to work right. 
        b. i would like to also be able to filter by this on the map. i want the user to be able to filter the map by wineries that they have been too, and 
            ones that is on their "wishlist". i think this would make a lot of sense but like i said this would be a little bit more involved. 
    13. add in filter for on the wine tab  
        a. i need to add in so that the user can filter the wines they have